59973: Added bit about new 'Reboot After Update' button. (#658)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

After clicking :guilabel:`INSTALL MANUAL UPDATE FILE`, choose a
location to temporarily store the update file on the %brand% system.

> Use :guilabel:`Browse` to navigate to the downloaded manual update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use :guilabel:`Browse` to find the downloaded manual update
```

> file (:file:`-manual-update-unsigned.tar`). Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file ending with :file:`-manual-update-unsigned.tar`. Set
```

Reviewer: Trying to avoid parentheses.

Reviewer 2: This really needs to be two sentences, because it's trying to say two things:
1. Manual update file names end with "-manual-update-unsigned.tar".
2. Use Browse to locate the downloaded manual update.

> :guilabel:`Reboot After Update` to reboot the system immediately after

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Reboot After Update` to reboot the system after
```

> the update is installed. Finally, click :guilabel:`APPLY UPDATE` to begin the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the update has been installed. Click :guilabel:`APPLY UPDATE` to begin the
```
